Psalm 69 - the chief musician set to the
lilies a psalm of David
save me O God for the waters have come
up to my neck i sink in deeper mire
but there is no standing i have come
into deep waters but the floods overflow
me I am weary with a my crying my throat
is dry my eyes fail while I wait for my
god those who hate me without a cause
are more than the hairs of my head they
are mighty who would destroy me being my
enemies wrongfully though I have stolen
nothing I still must restore it Oh God
you know my foolishness and my sins are
not hidden from you let not those who
wait for you O Lord God of hosts be
ashamed because of me let not those who
seek you be confounded because of me
o God of Israel because for your sake
I have borne reproach shame has covered
my face I have become a stranger to my
brothers and an alien to my mother's
children
because zeal for your house has eaten me
up and the reproaches of those who
reproach you have fallen on me when I
wept and chastened my soul with fasting
that became my reproach
I also made sackcloth my garment I
became a byword to them those who sit in
the gate speak against me and I am a
song of the drunkards but as for me my
prayer is to you O Lord
in the acceptable time o God in the
multitude of your mercy hear me in the
truth of your salvation deliver me out
of the mire and let me not sink let me
be delivered from those who hate me and
out of the deep waters let not the flood
water overflow me nor let the deep
swallow me up and that not the pit shut
its mouth on me hear me O Lord for your
loving kindness is good turn to me
according to the multitude of your
tender mercies and do not hide your face
from your servant for I am in trouble
hear me speedily draw near to my soul
and redeem it deliver me because of my
enemies you know my reproach my shame
and my dishonor my adversaries are all
before you reproach has broken my heart
and I am full of heaviness I looked for
someone to take pity
but there was none
and for comforters but I found none they
also gave me golf for my food and for my
thirst they gave me vinegar to drink let
their table become a snare before them
and their well being a trap let their
eyes be darkened so that they do not see
and make their loins shake continually
pour out your indignation upon them and
let your wrathful anger take hold of
them let their dwelling place be
desolate let no one live in their tents
for they persecute the ones you have
struck and talk of the grief of those
you have wounded add iniquity to their
iniquity and let them not come into your
righteousness let them be blotted out of
the book of the living and not be
written with the righteous but I am poor
and sorrowful let your salvation O God
set me up on high
I will praise the name of God with a
song and will magnify him with
Thanksgiving this also shall please the
Lord better than an ox or bull which has
horns and hooves the humble shall see
this and be glad and you who seek God
your hearts shall live for the Lord
hears the poor and does not despise his
prisoners let heaven and earth praise
Him a sees in everything that moves in
them for God will save Zion and build
the cities of Judah that they may dwell
there and possess it also the
descendants of his servants shall
inherit it and those who love his name
shall dwell in it
[Music]